README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

Update README file with project details

README.md, after:

myBlog
A personal blog platform where users can:
* Post content after logging in.
* Log out to secure their account.
* Fetch and display the latest news updates.
Built with modern technologies like Next.js and Tailwind CSS, this project demonstrates how to integrate authentication and external APIs into a responsive web application.

Features:
* Authentication: Log in and log out functionality for secure access.
* News Integration: Fetch and display the latest news articles using an external API.
* Responsive Design: Seamless user experience across all devices.
* Dynamic Blog: Post content dynamically while logged in.

#Getting started
npm run dev

Usage:
* Log in to access the posting functionality.
* View the latest news fetched dynamically from the API.
* Create and manage blog posts.


Technologies:
Next.js: Framework for server-side rendering and static site generation.
Tailwind CSS: Utility-first CSS framework for responsive styling.
NewsAPI: External API for fetching live news updates.
